But it doesn't matter.
Governor Jing is no outsider
Jinglong can implement the economy in a short period of time
It was with the help of Qiongqi
The Zhang family targets you everywhere
He also received instructions from Jinglong
I didn't expect the dignified dragon god of war
Colluded with Qiong Qi
How is that possible?
How could the Dragon God of War collude with Qiong Qi?
It must be your message. No.
Ye Feifan, you are slandering the Dragon Warlord
slander him
Is he worthy? Can you stop being so childish?
Last time I said
Your gift to the Governor is Qiongqi Neidan
Now you say that the force behind it is Qiongqi
Can Qiongqi come back from the dead?
That's what I'm trying to figure out.
The breeze comes out to speak
Sir, look at him, he has no responsibility at all
Just after saying a few words to him, he walked out
You'd better leave him alone
Look, he's not a good guy at all
Okay, is he a good guy or a bad guy?
It's not up to us to judge
Here's what happens.
It's not something we can interfere with
His strength still wants to fight against Qiongqi
Really impatient
Qiongqi is dead
How did he let
Jin Long's strength has made a breakthrough
And what the hell happened to Qiongqi's order?
I have arranged for someone to investigate this matter.
There should be results soon.
Sheriff elders
You can't leave!
What will we do if you leave?
What to say
What not to say
You know better than anyone
Go find wine